Always go into a raid without a melee weapon. If you die, you don't lose the melee weapon you pick up
Early wipe, before Ragman level 17 you can't get class 4 armor. Look for used class 4 armors on Fence
Crafting moonshine or condensed milk requires sugar. You can consume the sugar down to 1/70 before using it on the craft
The easiest way to get a Stim Case is to turn in Chemical part 4 to Therapist
Always carry a Stim Case and a docs/SICC case no matter what. You'll get to virtually extend your secure container
When going to Factory, always bring dogtag case or a SICC case. You will be able to sell the dogtags even if you die. Jaeger has an exploitable dogtag case barter for infinite money.
When healing after raid, use a Grizzly to heal rather than paying TheRapist. It's cheaper and will give you EXP
The VSS/ASVAL kick a lot, try using them on semi-auto. The bullets are powerful enough like 7.62 BP to make it viable
Trader Barter cheese: Prapor lvl4 - Ash12
Trader Barter cheese: Jaeger lvl1 - dogtag case
Buy Red Rebel from Jager when Propane is cheap early wipe
Consider the peek direction (right or left) when taking a fight. Right peek will expose less of your body
Crafting SNB is cheaper than buying LPS rounds
Don't go Shoreline
Don't go Interchange
Go Labs, it will be fun they said
Tarking Interchange no backpack extract increases survival rate
Object 21ws keycard is underrated on Interchange
Use your spent fuel on Grenade cases and Magazine cases crafts or flechette. You'll get your money back
Stims to always carry: mule, sj6, sj12, propital, perfotoran
Use the no backpack extract on reserve if you don't have a Red Rebel
Always bring a docs case to customs and reserve. The cabinets and safes have a lot of Intel items like diaries and flash drives
Subscribe to dann1 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNGeut5-7DTAIvPH4iUyrow?sub_confirmation=1
Sell hideout parts early on in the wipe to make money quickly, build your hideout later when the parts are cheaper
Don't drink aquamari completely. Save it at 1/50 to cheese the armored rig at Ragman lvl3
Subsonic ammo adds a flat recoil reduction to weapons. This means you don't need to spend a lot on meta recoil reduction parts
Gunsmith: look for required parts on prebuild weapons sold by traders. Some of these loadouts contain fancy parts
12 gauge Magnum buckshot and barr slug from the KS-23 don't care about expensive gear 
Always bring 5k rubles to get car extracts on selected maps
Don't trust scav players taking to you (PMC). They got ther loot for free and have nothing to lose 
Gunsmith: you can use 100 round mags on tasks requiring 60 round mags
Go into raid with an empty mag bolt action rifle to level up sniper skill faster
Use big internal magazines on bolt action to level up sniper skill
There is a cheater in raid 60% of the times